[Feature][metrics] Add master, worker metrics (#10326)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/metrics/metrics.md

> # Introduction

Reviewer: Is it better to add some  picture to show the metrics?

Author: Good suggestion, I have added some picture

# Introduction

Apache DolphinScheduler has export some metrics to monitor the system. We use micrometer for the exporter facade, and
the default exporter is prometheus, more exporter is coming soon.

## Quick Start

> You can add the following config in master/worker's yaml file to open the metrics exporter.

Reviewer 2: Alert/API also support metrics, although they have only some basic metrics like JVM/CPU, datasource, etc.

```suggestion
You can add the following config in master/worker/alert/api's yaml file to open the metrics exporter.
```

Author: Done

```yaml
metrics:
  enabled: true
```

> Once you open the metrics exporter, you can access the metrics by the url: `http://ip:port/actuator/prometheus`

Reviewer 2: Can you please add some additional information about the ports of each service, 5679 for master instead of 5678, 1235 for worker instead of 1234? Users might think the port of metrics endpoint is the same as the service, which is wrong

Author: Done

For example, you can get the master metrics by `curl http://localhost:5679/actuator/prometheus`

> We have prepared the out-of-the-box grafana for you, you can find the grafana dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have prepared the out-of-the-box Grafana configuration for you, you can find the Grafana dashboard
```

Author: Done

at `dolphinscheduler-meter/resources/grafana`, you can directly import these dashboards to grafana.

If you want to try at docker, you can use the following command to start the prometheus with grafana:

```shell
cd dolphinscheduler-meter/src/main/resources/grafana-demo
docker compose up
```

Then you can access the grafana by the url: `http://localhost/3001`

> ## Master Metrics

Reviewer 2: Can we add a section to describe that we also have some default system metrics (non- business specific) such as JVM and datasource metrics?

Author: Done
